hi I'm Haley today we're going to build
and a sports car this set has 159 pieces
I love this thick and the car too I love
the car I love the kitty I like that on
every lego friend has a pen I like the
stickers cuz it adds a lot of details it
has this little sticker right here
because it's like wavy and as a flower I
like that it has like a light purple
because um there is it that many
Purple's that we see that or anything
they go in the car there's a GPS and CD
player in the back is a little DAC
there's a little sign and then there's a
map which has another flower it has two
yellow flowers and one white flower this
is a bench on the bench there's a little
iPod that can play music that's not a
sticker cuz that was printed on yeah
this was pretty easy to build this ice
cream stand as a bonus if you buy a lego
friends sit this one this was really
easy and it only took me three minutes
to building I like this ice cream set
because it has slopes and inside of it
there's a little popsicle and an ice
cream cone I think I'll add this ice
cream stand to my lego train set up can
we are to my train set our train set up
is new lipstick and this is Central Park
you matter seemed um my pet buttercup
buttercup is a little bunny if you
haven't held on you so you want to kind
of pic you have put it in the comments
below that's our preferred girl I need
to catch a train
you